Previously on
"The Company You Keep"...
Do you want to get out of here?
Absolutely.
U.S. Senate, huh?
Yeah, he's running
for my dad's old seat.
You owe us
the 10 million you stole
plus an additional 5.
- Is that...
- The bug we planted.
We have a minute to give?
Don't worry about it.
It's early stage memory loss.
That's it.
I'm not getting myself
or my family picked up
just to make good
on your payment schedule.
Try explaining that to
Patrick Maguire's son Connor,
the guy whose father is
now locked up, thanks to you.
Now do you believe
I have what it takes
to run this organization?
She's his daughter.
Daphne is
Patrick McGuire's daughter.
- Oh!
- No, I'm not going up!
Oh!
Man, how are you going to
let me keep draining
that one on you like that, huh?
You seem good,
all things considered.
Yeah, I started seeing someone.
♪ I've been looking
for the kind of diamond... ♪
Time out, time out, time out.
I've been beating your ass
for the last hour,
and you just dropped that on me?
Yeah.
You're up.
All right, you want me
to play for real?
- Wanna do it?
- Let me show you.
- Yeah.
- Oh!
- Got 'em.
Did you meet on
a dating app or...
Hotel bar.
How do you always manage
to keep it old-school, huh?
What's she like?
Ah, she's smart...
Like really smart...
Beautiful, funny,
complicated, but like in
the best way, you know?
I mean, my dad's starting
to slip a little bit.
That sounds brutal.
Yeah, it is.
♪ I've been looking
for the kind of diamond... ♪
- Just hold... "my."
- Really?
♪ You know
I got the other three ♪
Emma. You spell it.
E-M-M-A.
♪ Spades and clubs,
they just ain't shinin' ♪
- How serious we talking?
- How serious?
I don't know.
I mean, can you be in love
with someone you're lying to?
Maybe the better question is,
why are you lying
to somebody you love?
This woman... there's
no way she'd stick around
if she knew the truth.
People can surprise you.
Brown sugar and cinnamon?
You're going to love it.
Hey, do all your guests
go out the back door,
or am I special?
I live next to my sister
and niece
above the bar
that I own with my family.
So you're more than welcome
to go out the front door
and bump into them
in the hallway.
Hmm.
Hmm?
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
You must be Ollie.
Is Emma.
Uh...
OK, I think.
- Hey.
Ho ho, Simon.
Yeah, he started
calling last week.
I don't know why.
I don't need to know why.
You can decline.
At least he's trying.
Yeah. He is.
Ten years of parent/teacher
conferences short of trying.
But I was thinking about Daphne.
- Changing subjects?
- Yeah.
If she's Maguire's daughter,
why is she slumming it with us?
I don't know,
but we gotta figure out
what princess is up to.
It's just...
Emma?
I haven't changed
my sheets since Tina left.
You have a new girlfriend?
What do you know about her?
I know that I like her.
Is that really
enough after Tina?
Sorry.
- All right?
- Oh, yeah?
Protect who from what?
Oh, that was fast.
That's what I said.
So...
Opens at 8:00,
so let's get going.
- Sorry.
- OK.
No you're not.
Don't worry,
I'll keep an eye on her.
Hey, Bird, I got it.
Just gonna go get some
details from Jones.
Won't be gone very long.
For what it's worth,
I don't love getting
into bed with Jones Malone.
Oh, I never liked that guy.
Even when you guys were
kids, big Gemini energy.
Look, I don't like the guy
either, but unless one of you
has a better play on the table?
OK. I gotta go see a guy
about a horse.
- Hello.
- I think I might've
blown your plan
to keep me a secret.
Yeah, so I hear.
The good news is,
you got Ollie's approval.
The bad news?
Now you gotta
meet the rest of them,
win them all over.
They want you to stop by
our Derby crab feast
tomorrow night... just, you know,
family,
a couple of dozen regulars...
No pressure.
No, none at all.
Hey, if this is too much,
you know, too fast...
No, no, it's, um...
it's just the right speed.
I'd love to meet your family.
OK, great.
- It's a... it's a date.
- See ya.
I gotta go
clean ten more stalls,
but it was nice
meeting you, Frank.
- Thank you.
- Frank, huh?
It is today.
You showed up.
Does this mean you're in?
Tell me about the job.
It's right up your alley.
I'm selling a horse I
don't own to a mark so rich
he won't even miss the money.
Then... I disappear.
So how are you
handling the real owners?
Stable hand just confirmed
they're out of the country
and won't be here
for the big race.
What's the money looking like?
I've primed her to buy
the horse for a million.
I've done most of the work.
Your cut would be 15.
That's a little light, Jonesy.
Come on, a generous cut
will be 20 to bring it home.
Better.
Who's the target?
Martha Pope.
She's a venture capitalist with
space travel kind of money.
It's a sweet deal.
What do you say?
Frankie.
There she is now.
Were your ears burning, baby?
Can you believe
this beautiful woman
- is going to be my wife?
- Oh, stop it.
This is that
legendary horse trainer
I was telling you all about.
Ah.
Pleasure.
Martha Pope.
Buck Calhoun.
Pleasure's all mine, ma'am.
Hey, how was the concert?
Well, I remember the first half.
- Been there.
- Mm.
Ooh, relationship status form.
Yes.
I'm filling out the E99.
I'm not going to overthink this.
Bug.
Hilarious.
Daphne Finch is surprisingly
sassy for a mob lawyer.
Really gave it her all to
make us look like idiots.
Yeah.
Why put on such a big show
when she's just pulling
up stakes and leaving town?
She's trying to get
us off her tail.
Martha Pope founded
her first company at 14,
dropped out of college,
six figures by 21.
She's donated millions
to renewable energy.
Can't believe
that slippery weasel
got this woman
to agree to marry him.
Hey, Charlie, Martha Pope
sounds like a saint.
But cooler.
Yeah, the vibe on this
one is bad, Charlie.
This isn't our kind of job, son.
I agree.
That's why we're not
going after Martha.
We're gonna take down
the con man.
There she is.
Wow.
So that's what a million
dollar horse looks like.
Kinda looks like
every other horse I've seen,
- to be honest.
- Oh, but she isn't.
How are you?
Good to see you.
Hi.
No, she's that
rare breed of female
that dominates the males
at the highest level...
Maybe something you might
know a little bit about.
I'd tell you that she
had a sweet temperament,
but I'd be lying.
Well, I'll take winning
over sweet any day.
Now you're talking her language.
Dad, are you sure about this?
Yeah.
So why are you selling?
She was my wife's horse.
It's time.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Oh, yeah, his wife
was a wonderful woman,
beautiful inside and out.
She looks nice,
but what's under the hood?
Oh, that's even
better than she looks.
Here, I brought these...
Her medical records.
So tell me, how long
have you two been together?
Just a couple of months,
which is crazy, I know.
It's been such a whirlwind.
But honestly, I can't
remember my life before Frank.
She's more impressive
in person, just like you.
Aw.
Mm.
Let's buy a horse.
Ha!
You made a very smart buy.
Thanks.
I'll need to see the contract.
- Yes, of course.
- I have an idea.
How about you gentlemen
handle the busywork
for a change, and we'll, uh,
we'll celebrate.
Hmm?
Champagne on me.
Yeah...
Be good.
The same bad policies on crime,
the same failed
health care reform,
the same tax hikes.
You deserve better
than more of the same.
David Hill...
A legacy of failure.
When they go low, we go high.
Thanks, Michelle.
It's still good advice.
It's a good slogan.
Good advice is, they go low,
we raise money.
You, start rolling calls.
- You...
- I know, I know.
Save the Chesapeake
charity brunch.
She's right about the calls.
We need money to
spread the message.
Hey, question.
So who's the guy?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I mean, you've hardly
been home all week,
and you're doing way
too much smiling.
For a spy, you're not very
good at keeping secrets.
So who is he?
You don't have that clearance.
Can I get a coffee black?
This one's on me.
What's that I smell?
An agenda?
Come on, sing.
We both know the script.
Our agencies
don't play well together.
The feds shoot first,
ask questions later.
We ask questions first...
Then just keep asking questions.
$1,000 a kilo?
What's the catch?
No catch.
You go walk right out that door
and sell it for five times that?
Why give that kind of
advantage to your competition?
We want the same thing.
Get these drugs off the street.
And arresting Maguire hasn't
changed that flow any has it?
Because I'm looking
to build partnerships
with proven professionals.
You didn't hear it from me,
et cetera, et cetera.
But the streets are flooded.
Everybody is selling
Fenty at a discount.
Losing money doesn't
sound like something
the Maguires would do.
I know.
It's hard to believe,
but maybe you're wrong.
Maybe arresting Papa Maguire
scared them off.
Now they're dumping their stock.
Next time we get a shipment
and you don't like the price,
you buy from someone else.
You know, I'd actually
given up on marriage,
and then I met Frank.
He was the first man
who wasn't intimidated by me.
We got engaged
three weeks later.
Sounds like he
really makes you happy.
He does.
He really does.
So I have something to tell you,
and I'm going to need you
not to go try and kill him.
Your fiancé's a con artist.
His name's not Frank.
It's Jones Malone.
We grew up together,
and he has hired us
to fleece you for your money.
That's not possible.
Let me take a wild guess.
A chance bump in
where you both had
- the same unique coffee order?
- OK.
Sparkling conversation with
the same unusual interests?
And then you don't see him
for three weeks...
Enough time to have
a couple of boring dates
so that you're so excited
to see him again
that it prompts you
to ask him out.
And then a spontaneous engagement
with his mother's ring,
a mother that he never met,
because tragically,
she died in childbirth.
He has run a version of
this since high school.
He will do this,
and then he will disappear.
Well, Birdie's
certainly taking her time.
Can't rush a mark, Jonesy.
OK, here we go.
I'm not signing anything.
This is a scam.
What?
I may not know horses,
but I can spot unfounded hype
before an IPO.
So I get revenge,
and you get what exactly?
His money.
Seems fair.
We start by using
the truth to sell a lie.
The best way to
test a product's worth
is public valuation.
Yeah.
What do they call that?
- Crowd, crowd...
- Crowdsourcing.
Crowdsourcing, yeah.
Tie the sale price of
the horse to the closing odds
before the race.
It's unorthodox,
that's for sure.
- I know.
- I love unorthodox.
Once we have the new terms,
you're going to name your price.
Listen, the current odds
on Wicked Swift are 10 to 1.
Numbers remain the same, price
remains the same... $1 million.
OK, but what if they change?
Every point's worth
a quarter million.
So if the odds get worse, we
sell for less than a million?
But if the odds get better,
boss, you'd be making more.
97 to 1.
That's... almost 2 million.
He will be spending
your money in his head,
thrilled at the prospect
of getting even more
than he anticipated.
That's where we prime
him to put his money in.
You're a natural.
My cap is 2 million.
Odds get better than
Works for me.
Once you've hooked him,
leave it to us
to handle the odds.
Do you really
think we can do this?
Con men are the easiest
marks of all,
because they never think
it can happen.
And with an ego like Jones's,
he will never see it coming.
I'm all in.
Connor!
I've got her.
What the hell's
going on over there?
Good morning to you too, Connor.
Your calling is for sure.
Where's my money?
White people don't like
drugs no more, is that it?
Well, circumstances have changed
since your little fiasco
alerted the feds to our presence
and left me without a warehouse.
- You were there.
- It was your deal.
But don't worry,
I figured out a way
to keep the expansion
plan on schedule
without putting
another Maguire behind bars.
Go on then, I'm listening.
You handle your end.
I will handle mine.
- Your father trusts me.
- So should you.
Trust is for family,
not lawyers.
Make the money right.
Or do I have to come over?
The money will be right.
I assure you, I am no
carbon copy of my father.
I actually disagree
with him on some policy...
- Hey there.
- Not interested.
- A vote for David Hill...
- The mailbox is full.
David Hill here.
- Um, no thank you.
- I will disagree...
A vote for David Hill...
A vote for David Hill
isn't a vote for the past,
but for your future.
For your future.
Sorry, but no.
You're clearly off to
a better night than me.
Is this a good
meet-the-parents dress?
Our parents or normal parents?
Are you saying our
parents aren't normal?
Don't sweat mystery
boyfriend's parents.
You'll be great.
Thanks.
Back to the grindstone for me.
You'll be great too.
Hey there.
David Hill here.
Who do I have the
pleasure of speaking with?
How are your damage
control calls going?
I wouldn't say damage control.
I'd say opportunities
to get to know my...
David, this is Claire Fox.
I assume you know who I am.
There's no easy way to say this,
but at this very moment,
the party's discussing
whether or not they should
pull their support,
focus on closer races...
a devastating career blow for
the son of a beloved senator.
David, I want to help you.
I can ensure
their continued support.
I just texted
your personal cell.
- We should talk.
- I'm not who you think I am.
OK, the bar has officially
never been this clean.
Nerves much?
We're not exactly a normal
family, Mom, so I just...
I want it to go well.
Don't worry.
We'll be on our best behavior.
Hello again.
She likes your purse.
So what's the status
of the horse job?
You said I'd see my
next payment by Monday.
What's the rush?
It's Saturday.
The money's coming.
Is it?
If you disapprove of my methods,
maybe you'd prefer Connor's.
- Should we give him a call?
- You know what?
You wanna give him a call?
That's cool.
Keep everybody honest
with their payment plan.
You want to use
my phone or yours?
You just keep
delivering every week.
I'll keep Connor at bay.
OK.
Thanks.
Hey, everything OK?
Yeah.
That was interesting.
Daphne just threatened
to phone Connor
when I called her on her bluff.
Flash of panic.
What do you wanna do with that?
I don't know.
I'll tell you what.
I don't like the
fact that she thinks
she can just roll in here
any time she wants
like she owns the place.
Was I supposed to
use the fire escape?
Hey, no.
Oh, my God.
No, sorry.
No, not at all.
- I was just... my...
- Hey.
You must be Emma.
- This is my mom.
- Hi.
Fran.
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- These are cool.
Thank you.
Pearl's my birthstone.
Gemini?
But Virgo rising.
Oh, OK.
We're going to get
along just fine.
Great.
Come on in.
That is a bold move,
going straight to the jukebox.
I should tell you,
your entire reputation
hinges on whatever it is
you're about to choose
with these folks.
Not worried.
B12... good choice.
Good choice.
Grub's up, y'all.
Mm, it smells amazing.
Yep, it is.
Hey, don't think
anything of it, OK?
Birdie just tends to
keep her guard up.
Oh, I wouldn't know
anything about that.
- Oh, no?
- No, nothing.
- See that?
- OK.
Beautiful.
Now, you gotta separate...
Hey, Ma, tell Charlie
to put his bib on.
- Why?
- Put his bib on.
Come sit.
You should...
Here we go. Ready?
Gotta take this...
I mean, this was
at the horse track.
This was back when we were kids.
We were like what?
Nine or ten?
Ten years old or something.
I thought I was so
good at picking horses.
Turns out my father...
He was changing all my
bet slips at the window.
It took him three years.
It took me three years
to figure out
that I was no good at this.
I was horrible.
Hey, I know how to pick winners.
And I'm so sorry, my son, that
I did not pass that on to you.
That's OK, Pop.
Hey, could you grab me
another couple lagers, please?
Two lagers, yeah.
You were always
good at it, though.
Ah, I was all right.
Here.
Way too many for one to carry.
Turns out my son does
know how to pick a winner.
Impressive. Much better
than the morning after...
Whoa!
Whoa, hey!
Excuse me, Ollie.
You said she was great.
You didn't say she was great.
Just heard from an asset
that a tall, very attractive
American woman has been
having sit-downs
with several
of Maguire's local rivals.
Maybe she's trying to get out
of the drug game after all.
If she were just
offloading product,
she wouldn't need to
go to multiple rivals.
It must be some kind of
play, but to what end?
So how's it going over there?
More of a "Meet the Parents"
or a "Meet the Fockers"
situation?
Right now it's more of
a bring it on situation.
Charlie's sister is not a fan.
Oh, damn.
Make sure you stretch.
You've been avoiding me.
Uh...
You like darts?
They don't play darts
at Stanford.
You've done your research.
OK.
I'll tell you what.
I'll play darts,
and you can ask me
whatever you couldn't
find on the internet.
Great.
So did you grow up in
Washington State or DC?
Both.
Moved to DC when I was 12.
It was awful.
Moving into a big mansion?
I bet.
What do you do for work?
Logistics data analyst.
Uh-huh.
Any hobbies?
Honestly,
I don't really have any.
I work a lot.
Analyzing logistics.
- Right.
Do you mind me asking when
was your last relationship?
Ended the day I met Charlie.
Listen, I get it.
You're protective
of your brother
after a blindside heartbreak
and the subsequent hook up
that screams rebound.
I'm protective
of my brother too.
But know that I think
Charlie is really special.
And every moment with him is
somehow better than the last.
Also, I may have played
a little darts at Stanford.
Mm-hmm.
OK, Logistics,
how about a rematch?
This time I'll play
right handed.
You're on.
So did I pass the family test?
With flying colors.
I love this,
getting to know them,
seeing what you do for a living,
getting to know the real
Charlie Nicoletti even more.
Get home safe.
Jonesy.
What are you doing here?
I feel like it's Christmas Eve,
but I'm the only kid who
knows that Santa is coming,
you know?
Hey, how much do
you think we can
bump the price up to tomorrow?
1.5?
Oh, no.
Come on, maybe
You know, your idea of
tying the price of the horse
to the odds was a genius.
Yeah, well, you did
the heavy lifting.
We're just here to
collect our cut.
I've pulled off some
fun ones over the years.
You know that.
But Martha is my masterpiece.
Don't know how you do it...
Lying to someone
who says she loves you.
I don't think
I could pull that off.
Oh, come on, Charlie.
Love is the oldest con around.
You'd know that
better than anyone.
All right, this is it.
We've got a few hours before
Martha arrives to pump
up the odds on our horse.
The more people we influence
to bet on Wicked Swift,
the more money we all get.
♪ You do to me ♪
♪ I never could believe
the way you walk... ♪
Just got 10,000 Twitter
bots for $1,000 bucks.
It's getting cheaper every year.
That's not exactly comforting.
Right?
Fly, bots, fly!
I know I said 12 to 1.
But now that I've seen
Wicked Swift with my own eyes,
I don't want anyone giving
clients better than 8 to 1, OK?
8 to 1.
If anyone wants better
odds on Wicked Swift,
they're gonna have to
come to the track
and lay a bet themselves.
♪ You never
fail to satisfy ♪
♪ Satisfy... ♪
Switch all my parlays
to Wicked Swift in first.
I've heard her name
way too many times
for this not to be something.
I'm not missing out on this one.
Ha!
Paul Newman Daytona?
Shut the front door.
Fellow connoisseur, huh?
If you held on to that
through the '87 market crash,
you must be one
hell of a trader.
Am I that obvious?
Nah, I just know
how to spot a winner.
Welcome back to Baltimore Downs.
It is now ten minutes
before the final race.
All right, one last step.
I need you to slip me his
cell phone for 30 seconds.
I will switch account numbers
in the Escrow app
so that no money comes from you.
And his money goes to us.
This is just money for you,
but it's my life.
OK?
No one has ever made me
feel the way he has.
It can't all be a lie.
Martha, that's exactly
how he wants you to feel.
- I just...
- Hey, babe.
Are you ready to
be a horse owner?
Hey, yeah.
You know what, Frankie,
I was thinking,
what if instead of a horse,
we use this money
to travel the world?
Yeah? I'll take some
time off starting now.
We can do villas and castles,
overwater bungalows,
any of it, all of it.
That sounds incredible.
I just really want us
to be together.
That's all that matters to me.
It's just, I...
I really want this horse.
You know, it's a once in
a lifetime opportunity.
Of course.
I'm so stupid.
What was I thinking?
No, it's... you know, let's
take a photo to celebrate.
- Sure.
- Oh, shoot.
I forgot my phone in the car.
Can I borrow yours
quickly, honey?
Great.
Thank you so much.
Hey, Amber, would you mind?
Of course.
- Let's burn the prick.
- Yes, ma'am.
Here we go.
Oh, thank you.
All right.
Oh, look at you two.
That's beautiful.
Oh, is that... oh, I
think I might have missed...
- Oh, did I delete it?
- No, no.
No, you just closed
the app, that's all.
See?
Here you go.
Great.
Oh, wow.
- Wow.
- Look how happy you look.
Well, that's because I am.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's a process
known as high rose.
Am I in the right house?
I sent the staff home early.
It has been a crazy
couple of days.
- Hey, honey.
- Hi.
Oh, please no.
I don't think I can hear
the word race anymore today.
Come on.
It's that big one.
Remember we went
one year, honey,
with that big media tycoon.
You two at the Derby?
Yes.
And I was pregnant with David.
Oh, yeah.
We weren't telling anyone yet,
and we didn't want to offend
the media guy,
so you were secretly
passing all your drinks to me.
That was the most
drunk you've ever been.
Well, that you know of.
Wow.
OK, don't look now, but the
Hill family is drinking beer,
eating leftover pizza,
and watching a sporting event
like a normal family.
We're a normal family.
- Right.
- Sorry to interrupt.
David?
- Hey.
- I've got some bad news.
The party's pulling
their support.
- Without them in our corner...
- Yeah.
The campaign's dead.
Let's keep this
between us for now.
We'll regroup tomorrow and...
decide on a plan
in the first light of day.
If you can do it in your
underwear, it's not a job.
That ain't work.
No.
These kids today,
they'll never have
to go through what we did.
Oh, Nellie.
You're eyeing a big bet, huh?
Well, don't hold out on me!
After all the stock tips
I doled out?
I'm just a humble
owner of a dive bar.
50K is a lot of money for me.
But that's how sure I am
that I'll walk out of here
tonight with six times that.
Well, whatever it is, I'm in.
- I'll go 50K too.
- Ooh hoo hoo!
Hell, 100K!
50,000 on Wicked Swift.
100,000 on Wicked Swift.
1,000 on Wicked Swift.
500 for Wicked Swift, please.
Where the hell have you been?
Whisper campaign
worked too well.
There was a blast
of live bets, which
caused a surge of online bets.
Odds closed past Martha's cap.
No way, really?
4 to 1.
That's 2.5 mil.
Can't she just kick
in a little extra?
Are you kidding me?
She's a stickler
for negotiations.
That's her whole job.
Hold on.
Let him set the hook first.
Right now Jones
is panicking, which
is exactly what the con is
designed to get him to do,
to think irrationally.
And now...
Hey, how about this?
You put in your own money,
make up the difference.
A half mil?
That's a hell of a convincer.
Think of it like
a ten-minute loan.
I mean, it's your money.
It's ours.
Shall we?
All right, we're ready.
First time I ever sold
a horse on my phone.
There really is an app
for everything.
So what's the price?
It's 2.5.
But don't worry,
I'm covering the difference
from my savings.
I already put
my account info in.
All right, rolling.
Everyone?
Go ahead and eSign the app.
Yes I do.
And I just did.
Well, congratulations, everyone.
Let me get some
glasses for everybody.
Congratulations.
Just gonna get
a better view of my new horse
- before the big race.
- Yeah.
- There they go.
- Away from the gate...
Airport.
Congratulations,
Misty Queen on second...
When do you think
Jonesy will figure it out?
Probably about the same time
he lands
wherever it is he's going.
Hey, do you want to
know how our horse did?
You don't have to tell me.
I know a sixth place horse
when I see one.
Come on.
Hey, Mom?
Mom, wake up!
Where the hell is Ollie?
She's here.
She's... she's right there.
Hey.
Uh, thanks to your
niece's petulance,
we know what
Daphne's been up to.
I'm sorry, you lost me.
Ollie slipped her tracker
into Daphne's purse.
What?
Let's compare it
to Daphne's notebook.
Wait.
Mm-hmm.
OK, hey, where was she
at 8:00 p. M. Last night?
Ellicott City.
OK, where was
she 3:00 p. M. Today?
Pikesville.
That's... that's Russian and
Taiwanese cartel territory.
So why would Daphne be
meeting with rival cartels?
I don't think meeting
with rival cartels
is part of Connor's MO.
So maybe Connor doesn't
know what she's up to.
So our secret
daughter thinks she's
the one calling the shots
for the Maguire empire.
You know it'd be a real
shame if that got out.
Huh.
Right.
All right.
Who's this?
Someone with mutual interests.
Did you know that Daphne
Finch is making moves
with your rivals over here?
What the hell are
you going on about?
Russians, Dominicans,
Taiwanese triads...
All groups who sell
the same product as you,
and all groups
that she has met with.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say that your sister's
taking a run at your crown.
See, I don't have a sister.
You sure about that?
Who'd you say you are?
I didn't.
What'd you find?
Another massive deposit was just
made from the
Maguire U. S. Account
into the Maguire
Ireland account.
How can Daphne make
such a big payment
if she's selling their product
at bargain basement prices?
She's not selling
off to get out.
She's currying favor
with rivals,
which means she's building
something even bigger.
But if she's still making
payments to Ireland,
that means she's found
a new revenue stream.
If we find that...
We can tear it down
whatever fresh hell
she's trying to build.
Let's follow the money.
Hill, Cass wants to
see you in his office.
Thanks.
Jones, what happened?
I don't know how, but
our sneaky ass accountants
got to the money
before the transfer.
Got mine too.
Obviously, I can't give you a
cut of something I don't have.
So hold on,
let me get this straight.
We stick our necks out,
and you're gonna stiff us.
Dude, I'm out
I'll get you on the next one.
Yeah, hey, you know what?
Don't bother, pal.
Con men never see it coming.
I hope Martha is OK.
I'm sure
she's better than Jonesy.
Maybe.
It's gotta hurt, having
somebody lie to you like that.
I mean, you've been there.
You know.
Yeah.
And I'll call you back ASAP.
Hey, Em.
Trying to track you down.
Wanna talk about something.
OK, call me back.